hello good afternoon I’m from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where do you see me from? plus or minus in politics How does your flag understand it is an inanimate object You yourself understand what you will support special operations damn this is my country how can I not support I probably would not support but maybe just not How exactly you support you can say in Kyiv form you will support in what form do I support Yes, but firstly, I support our soldiers who are fighting there, they give their lives, it’s definitely self-made, there are 163,130 fronts and humanitarian aid is sent there, I also understood. the second wave of mobilization and you are called to the military registration and enlistment office you will go You are impossible And why
I'm still studying at the university And you kind of
understood you're like a studio You want
others to be killed while who is being killed,
sense there were just dudes of Samara
telling Yes, how they had 89 mushrooms
came to the city after the Makeevka blow to
Makeevka I heard about it not about the blow, but
about the fact that  there, well, a normal topic was a
normal topic Yes, so we collected everything for the
New Year to see of
course The fact is that Makiivka This is
not the first time you just took Makiivka
and raised it in the information topic before that there was
still a lot of flour,
we even had an operational headquarters We even
stopped shorter  already counting at
Chernobaevka at first it was still fun in
Ukraine I don’t know
so look it turns out If Putin
signs I’ll decorate that in short there is a
general mobilization against NATO even
students Here I’ll take you for what you
will die in Ukraine
in Ukraine No I will go
only if  really,
they will not enter my land like that, look Wait until the
state sends you, she will not
ask for your not
on you they say everything come on Kherson - This is your Land In short, [ __ ] off to fight from there Kherson - This is my family Well, uh, if this is my reality land and the referendum was held there Well, yes, yes, I’ll get there, I’ll stop further, I’ll conduct a referendum and I’ll wait not Well, look Now Kherson is now occupied by Ukrainian troops, they will throw you to storm Kherson across the Dnieper. Well, look, they won’t throw me at me. bad I don’t understand I’m sitting drinking at your place now it’s good I say the Russian army is bad, that is, she is watching It is due to the fact that it started there and ends near Kyiv Kharkov Kherson And so on and so the problems started from this made mobilization these three days that wanted for three days and ran away and then broken because they were finishing up so look And you will be called up I will tell the students In short the country is in danger you will  you want to kill people
for
Well, if they want to kill me a person
if they imprisoned you Igor so You run with
these dudes run to this Oka and
you will shoot No most likely No
why are you That is, you do not disobey the
order, you understand, but it’s impossible you
say the situations you are now  you will
go to the front it is also impossible
and you will have to run I will kill
you if they take you that you will not kill
what you will do No if I say I
said the initial if I say
danger Unfortunately I have to
bring you and you have to attack
others  Is it a danger to you Or
do you need to bring me and attack
others Why am I attacking others I
don’t understand that your order was said by the
commander let’s go to storm this
strong point, well, if some kind of
danger will really threaten the Russian
Federation, then yes, yes  these guys
who were brought to Makiivka,
who died there, they died because they were
brought there because
it was dangerous  it threatened the Russian
Federation
No, probably, although yes, it’s possible. Here I
say, I’m not a political person, I even
read the agreement in Minsk. That is,
they can bring you,
like throw you where you will even be, like an
apathetic one.
it is possible, but for if they
really call me, I will study this topic as much as
possible and will start with the situation
that will be you will be such a philosopher,
there will be commanders So we went on the attack
on this point And then Wait, I will now
start from the situation to study the topic as much as possible
yes Well, of course I am an ordinary
soldier  You want me to be an ordinary
salon Yes, an ordinary soldier
I'm studying to be a programmer, I'm a programmer Well,
look Yes, if there is a general
mobilization Yes, I'll take it from you and they won't
ask, my grandfather was in the Second
World War, in general, 19 years have passed, they took a
simple guy In general, no one  soldier
nothing And although I have, see
another theory if the general mobilization
will be Well, with  most likely once it revolts
unambiguously in Russia, but I think
so because it’s real, but if everyone is a
student, for example, I’ll send 18-19 years old
to the front for a special operation Yes,
like,
what the [ __ ] and because of this I just
won’t be all a programmer  You are a
first-year student
or a university
in a competition How many bytes in one kilobyte do you know
How many bytes, damn it, are games How many bytes
8 no no offense in the tank 824
correctly,
then you get how you see
you imagine You were taken as a
programmer and me as a programmer, and
now we are launching each other and
they tell you to run and they tell me to run You
will shoot me
most likely the
question is why will you shoot
me and why will you be shot but
or by someone else
in what for the sake of the country
we defend our country everything is clear to us
That is, if I  I’ll take it, I’ll
understand why I’m killing you because you
bastard has pinned my country to kill me
rite the main question Do you think the special operation will end well Well for you the war Clearly no this is a special operation this is not a war for us because if there was a war We bombed you already and so we can’t we can’t hit your territory because a special operation if Putin is therefore afraid to declare war because Zelensky knows what the Americans told him If there is a war, you can hit Moscow on St. Petersburg And if the special operation is only on Belgorod And it seems to me that people usually don’t understand, so let’s ask how this special operation will end How do you think to watch Let’s if we are watching trends of the last 10 all this is a special operation The Russian army came running it turned out it ran away from the Kyiv region as a political one Yes, if you are not politically then listen to a person who understands politics yes And in fact she was kicked out of the Kyiv region Sumy Chernihiv was kicked out of Kharkiv was kicked out of Kherson the Black Sea was knocked out yes that is, they picked up your ship Flagship  whether it’s acute and now your
Tusya ships are hiding somewhere in Novorossiysk,
they are no longer patrolling, in fact,
the territory where the fighting is in
the Kherson region, that is, everything
shows that Russia discards
discards and discards Ukraine
every month receives more and more
new  NATO weapons
if we started in February conditionally with
Soviet scrap metal and a little bit of
all sorts of MANPADS were on and anti-tank,
now Ukraine is saturated with the same
Himers, and so on,
all this Russia is
landing in Russian In short, he
has less and least of all, so the
whole world helps us, which  in terms of GDP, it
surpasses Russia by a multiple, simply as
a result of which Russia cannot win the
whole world
so much money How much of the whole world of technology is
backward Soviet technology and as a
result
Ukraine wins how long it
will last, this is another question, but
as a result, Russia
will be defeated and huge internal
political processes  go territory
Russia’s territory will somehow change the territory of
Russia as a result of the defeat of you,
this is already a lot of different destructive
such state things, these
national battalions there the Chechens have
their own national battalion the Tatars have their
own Bashkort battalion as a result of
internal upheavals after losing So you
will have a conditional or revolution like this  Or so the
fermentation is as if Russia will break up into
different states, exactly separate the
national Republics of Tatarstan
Bashkortostan, the
population of the Caucasus will gain its freedom and
possibly Russia will fall apart on a
regional basis, there will be the Ural
Republic of the Far Eastern Siberian
I think
why look in the seventeenth year, too
Everyone thought it was impossible to collapse,
but everyone thought it would be
B  in the ninety-first year, they also thought
it was impossible that the Soviet Union completely collapsed.
What prevents it from
falling apart further?
th corpse he can’t do anything
that he Look Ukrainians are
shelling the Belgorod region Putin
Can protect her
Well, of course,
if we are shelling the Belgorod
region
If you meet Putin can’t do anything for
us, what will he do next, the
question is that your power apparatus is
dying in Ukraine
well, I’ll say, for example, about Crimea Yes,
well, you won’t be able to do anything with Crimea either
Why It’s clear Well, what
can you do Elementary look what we
did with Kherson
Without a clue we went there Why Because
Russian troops somehow came out of
there, it will absolutely look like it will be from Crimea  there will be
this Crimean bridge, why haven’t they
blown up yet showed that we can blow it up
further Because all this public will be on the Crimean bridge The
Russian military will run there in short
FIG knows where and maybe they won’t let them
escape The fact is that the Crimea itself
when it cuts off  it from the mainland again here is
Melitopol this is further and will be blown up
from a military point of view nothing
no supplies you are here  all the children of the entire Crimean bridge will not be able to.
Yes, even without a
wing, the issue of Crimea is just a matter of
time, just a matter of time Well, I don’t
know, but this is your opinion, this is my opinion, I
don’t dispute it Everyone has their own, and so on
Absolutely right That’s all, in principle,
remember during
at the beginning of the 20th century there, when these
White Guard troops from the Crimea fled so onto the
ships they loaded so shorter they ran away
Look at such cool shots, there
will be something like this
, something like this actor will run
shorter to this ship,
well, really, somewhere to sail to Krasnodar
just from Krasnodar
That is, it turns out Well, you laugh
like the collapse of the Russian, and what, for example,
what unites you in Krasnodar
Chechens Chechnya and Buryats Buryatia Well,
you understand that we are people, this is already
us Well, that's what unites you in one
country, the
Poles are now a country of mercenaries before
who I don’t know the French Look Here we
have the
state of Russia
there Chechens live with you in the same
state if they can live in
separate states and everything is fine to
pursue their policy do you think they feel
bad now it’s bad
with you only because the
repressive does not allow you to disconnect and that’s all,
but it seems to me a unit is not  open more than one
why just from the point of
view of yourself as a guy from Krasnodar So
why should the Buryats be with you in the Russian
Federation instead of having an
independent Buryatia have their own language
such a proverb one head well two
you understand better That is, if the people
together live and improve  your
country and strives for the future, let's take it further.
These are all the reasons
you and Ramzan Kadyrov How do you help each other
develop you do not take do not
take different sectors of society well You and the
guy from Chechnya because you help
each other to develop the country For
example, I have friends  Chechnya also
why do the Chechens need you or why
do the Buryats need you
in Krasnodar
mutual assistance I called him to help me  maybe
at some point I’ll tell him Well, what’s stopping
you from calling if you’re in different
states,
most likely the distance will get in the way one way or
another, and well, such distances if he
now lives in Buryatia and he
will live in Buryatia the distance
will
not change will not change before  that
Russia will fall apart
very simply that What unites you all,
what unites you,
I will say this
is how the power apparatus unites you now, as soon as the power
apparatus cracks, as it was in the
seventeenth year, as it was in 1991,
it will immediately be on the radio
so that Muslims, for example, these Chechens,
Buddhists Buryats and  it’s not clear
to you what unites you in one country
Well, I’m inclined to such an opinion
that mutual assistance is no more Well, what kind of
mutual drinking, see Moscow draws
resources here is the same Dagestan Here I
talked with guys from Dagestan for days
they have oil gas and they live in
wooden toilets yes  that is, the poor
live Why does Moscow Yes pull money
from these regions,
but it won’t pull it out, it will
remain so  money
was in Dagestan in 2005, you know that in Moscow
only the center is beautifully rebuilt, also
people live Well, not that I will say poor,
poor, but the middle class is the
middle class Well, why look why
here Can you explain to me why For example
people in Dagestan where there is oil gas  people
in Bashkortostan, where there is gas, live worse
than people in Moscow in Moscow Well, look at
this word of society, no more, in my
opinion, there is a
middle stratum and above well Well, let
's take the middle stratum in Moscow and the
middle stratum in Dagestan live the same
plus or minus  you understand, the highest in Moscow in
Dagestan they live the same way
Well, look differently, really,
plus or minus, plus you don’t need money in Moscow,
much more money is spinning a
dump truck Therefore, yes, Therefore, the middle
layer in Moscow is cooler than the middle layer in
Dagestan, the same system is not so,
look again  Dagestan is rich in oil and gas
So who extracts some resources there
Bashkortostan where resources are extracted
Yes Why does it live worse than the region without
resources  owls
Bashkortostan, that is, without resources, lives
even worse Bashkortostan with resources,
Dagestan, with resources, lives worse than a region
without resources, because it is the
center  from one region of the resource
to give part of the money there, the rest
to set for themselves,
possibly of a
different nationality.
They had a decision-making center in
Moscow, for example, they are in Makhachkala or
I don’t understand. You are now tending to the fact that
Russia is complete [ __ ]. Correct, I
ask you, do you say that it
will not fall apart, no  the reason for the game Why are
these people so that they have a
decision-making center in Moscow if
it is beneficial for them to have their own
independence Money remained here
decision-making came in Ufa their
national state what is the problem the
problem is that I [ __ ] do
n’t even  I know how to answer you because
nothing unites except the power
apparatus
a person from Bashkiria from Kyrgyzstan doesn’t need you and you don’t need a person from Bashkortostan people from Buryatia don’t need you and a person’s movements from Moscow these are different people will live in the Khmelnitsky region you will live in Kyiv look in Ukraine there is no compact million Chechens this is a huge national territory Millions of people have a national territory people don’t live there and don’t really think I think that they I don’t understand that they can live better if this money will go not to Moscow, but to Kazan or Ufa Well, it’s logical that you don’t need all the money, you know, yes Why? That’s why Muslim Tatar people in Kazan give money somewhere to Moscow why people in Bashkortostan give money to Moscow Well, you have the same most I am Ukrainian in Kyiv Ukrainian in Lvov Ukrainian in Donetsk Ukrainian is all Ukrainians in Bashkortostan Muslim  mane yes Chechnya, Muslims
Why should they be a multinational country,
I will also repeat how, in my opinion,
this is just mutual assistance and revenue, and so
on, you understand Well, I just can’t
imagine if Bashkortostan really
separated, it separated, so it already
separated, look after the 1917 revolution
, the Russian Empire collapsed
again
in the seventeenth year, there were two revolutions in
February, then the
Empire ceased to exist and the peoples
gained Independence and the same
Bashkortots then won the communists a little bit
again Yes, to reassemble everything
rested on bayonets in the ninety-first
year it fell off
Turks Why do
you look at Kazakhstan normally that
Kazakhstan’s independence lives on
and develops and Bashkortostan how will they
be independent And how much territory
will I not tell Well, that is, Yes, I
don’t know how much territory, but there are a
lot of countries that have
less  but which are smaller in terms of population in
Bashkortostan, how many there are several
million in my opinion before the population, that is,
but Iceland is 300 thousand Why Iceland
can be 300 thousand and it has a GDP per
capita more than in Russia yes and
Bashkortostan
Estonia let's do it Estonia how much the
population is there  now one and a half million Yes,
people
with those who left there for the European Union There
, somewhere, a million have already remained, yes, that is
, it turns out it is less than in
Bashkortostan
and three times less than in Tatarstan,
why then does it surprise you how
Bashkortostan will be free
right away so I won’t answer No  I'm okay OK, as
I understand it Well, as I understand it, and
why Bashkortostan
in Russia works more
liquidly It seems to you.  declare
Independence and live normally during the time
that is now happening in the world And what
time is now in the first place  there is a special operation
globalization of the whole world
, for example, in Syria
it is called But the world is changing, you
understand, it doesn’t always change The world is always
changing And now it will change much
faster, so on the contrary, these
processes give them the opportunity to gain independence faster,
I honestly won’t answer this [ __ ]
[ __ ]  the question is a simple question
like, well, I think so, as Tinkov said, the
population of Bashkortostan is 4 million
4 million, this is a bunch of countries in Europe
that are smaller, just stupidly smaller, all the
Baltic countries, yes, not everyone can do less
Lithuania more, I don’t know exactly, you need a lot of
countries to eat less, yes  that is, Why can
you imagine, for example,
one country of independent norms But
something Bashkortostan will be independent
Well, yes, I agree, but the staff are people They are
also important Unfortunately, they are important Yes, but technologies are at war
, that is, if,
for example, the Americans give us satellite
intelligence Yes, and I show those  which of you
do not have a reconnaissance satellite on Schwartz and
spread
No questions  And look, even though there is no
question, do you want to run away from yours
, the better Bashkortostan, you understand, yes,
if I were a political person, I
would understand, I immediately laid it out for you, I say
I am politicians Well, just
as a citizen, look how you think I don’t have
in my head  how
is it possible
in Krasnodar, for example,
Azerbaijan is closer to you than to Bashkortostan
? Look, the Bashkorts are Turks and Azerbaijanis,
why do you normally
perceive Azerbaijan as independent
Well, yes Well, yes, but Bashkortostan Damn, how
will it become independent
they just differ in
that we annexed Crimea, look, they
joined, it turns out that they
differ for you only in that in the
Soviet Union this
Azerbaijan had the status of a Union
Republic And this is a republic within
Bashkortostan, a republic within the USSR
was yes, that is, and therefore Bashkortostan has
not separated yet and for  you it's like it
can't Azerbaijan
understand normally  if they didn’t want to secede,
most likely it would have happened, but look,
for some reason it’s not
profitable in the Soviet Union, in the ninety-
first year they became a bunch of independent
republics 89, for example, or there in
eighty-seven, some two guys
talked One says so Azerbaijan
you will be so free Damn, if you didn’t
want to share They already separated, not Well, there
were others,
it was there, the KGB monitored everything and
then gave up the weakness and everything all
went to hell, but now it
seems to me weak now more Look
Everything now is then
it was not possible to disseminate information  and now everyone sees it on the
Internet, everyone sees it Damn it,
Russia brings down of course, of course, not
Russia doesn’t bring down, well, really, you
understand You now look if
Bashkortostan wants to secede,
proclaim Independence and, for example,
Putin will say that we should send
troops to prevent being more honest there
independent head But it's generally you
go for example to kill a Chechen
if  dependence is wrong You really I will
wake up later after
such again it was already Let's go for the good
if there starts aggression more if there is aggression on a
person Yes but just
captures look look again it was
already Chechnya Chechnya declared
independence
Russia went to war on it
Now if now  also, for example, Ramzan
Kadyrov will proclaim the independence of Chechnya
Calm down Well, why Okay Calm down
someone then you run away you disguise
you will go Here, for example, I will call on you to
liberate Chechnya from militants, a military man, I’m
not a military man, they’ll take if they
throw everyone there for the sake of the unity of
Russia, mother, you’ll go to fight in  Chechnya
no
you will consider that it is right that your
country is bombing Grozny for example
Most likely not Why bomb
now you are bombing when Kherson is being bombed now
you don’t have a question why Kherson is being
bombed Kherson Yes I don’t Follow
this on Kharkiv being bombed by example Well who
are you bombing  understand, if Really,
imagine such a sieve  ation that if,
well, NATO would have fought against you But it
would have been [ __ ] up, you wouldn’t be there Well, if NATO had
fought with us, they would have erased this once or twice
Well, yes, Russia would hardly have supported
Ukraine to the Russians so that
there would be support and then a
check  You wrote at the end, and then, and so
on, Russia cannot protect itself, this is
only support like In the sense of
whom it
took a long time to protect itself from. Let me finally
answer some question, I will answer it from
where Belarus was preparing an attack Where
was Belarus preparing an attack I
think that  from Pskov It is logical
Lily there
are no more questions Well, in principle, if
there is something else, let's say something interesting
not about Belarus So, after all, the Buryats are
normal people, in your opinion,
absolutely normal people They
live in a new docked country and the Empire,
see The Empire conquers peoples and
abandons  them to conquer new peoples,
just like the Soviet Union, when they captured
Ukraine, our grandfathers were thrown, for example
, in 1968 to Czechoslovakia to suppress
Czech democracy  slovakia
56 to hungary
budapest how old are you 41 and if you are called up
you will go to war i will eat still
i will kill you i don’t need to kill
but why
i will buy of course and you will shoot me
you see yes i mean you get it well
you will understand that  you are an occupier,
no,
but if Propaganda works like this in my
head, then I won’t understand. You are definitely a
programmer.
Perhaps,
or you just know to
do goodbye,
let’s do it well.
further
Because all it rests on is
the Imperial Center, which makes everyone
learn the Russian language to give money to the
Imperial Center so that the Empire, in
short, does its army there, that is, a
very clear example, he lives
in Krasnodar, he does not understand how it is
Bashkortostan can be free like
Why do they need independence if we take
100 kilometers of
this Kazakhstan  Kazakhs are independent Yes,
he doesn’t have a question Why do Kazakhs
need independence, and here
Bashkortostan is already part of the USSR of the Russian
Federation, a
person cannot simply understand that these are the
peoples enslaved by the Russian Empire
who still have not fallen off in 1917
, the first stage of the collapse of the
Russian Empire
fell off there Finland Poland  Ukraine
us independence and then the communists
seized, including Ukraine,
some more who became independent
restored there to pieces the fragments of the
Russian empire the Soviet Union in
91 This was the second stage of the collapse of the
Russian Empire 14
republics of the Soviet Union fell off and
now there will be the third stage of the collapse of the
Russian Empire Russian  The federation
as an artificial country, that is, no.
Here it is simply stupidly sewn from different
republics of absolutely different
nationality according to ethnicity according to
religion absolutely according to regional
people in Vladivostok and people in Moscow
have nothing in common except for
propaganda and  the imperial center, people from
Vladivostok were more often there in Japan in
China than in Moscow